# NEMtech SIG Docs Meeting notes

## January 24th, 2019

## Attendants

* David - dgarcia360
* Nate - kayizen
* Ivy - ivyfung
* Yoshiyuki - 44uk

## Agenda

1. Introduction to NEMtech/community 
2. State of the docs
3. Documenting a new feature
4. "Demo" writing a guide
5. Open discussion

## Notes

- Nate presents NEMtech/community overview: https://github.com/nemtech/community
- State of the Documentation
  - Nem2-docs aligned with bison, the latest version
  - “Cow” new features under in a new branch https://github.com/nemtech/catapult-server/milestone/3
  - Warning: Breaking changes in guides due to mosaic no longer tied to namespaces

- Next Steps with the docs
   - Merge cow specifics into master
   - Start writing catapult server reference
   - Nate recommends to improve i18n support and remarks the importance of having different languages
   - David improvement idea: add page in /community with links to community content, repos, etc

- Overview of NIP 5 - Documenting new feature: https://github.com/nemtech/NIP/issues/9
   - Defines the collaboration between different groups and increases the availability of development information.
   - Recommends when to promote a feature and when to start translation.
   - Adds maturity to the documentation process.

- How to write a guide in the NEM Development Center
   - Willing to receive contributions from community: https://github.com/nemtech/nem2-docs/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+in%3Atitle+%5BGuide%5D
   - Writing a guideline: https://nemtech.github.io/support/writing-a-guide.html
   - Added a contributor profile for guides (example): https://nemtech.github.io/blog/author/jorisadri.html
   - Requests for guides that someone wants but cant do themselves
   - Request for translation of a guide

- Possible next meeting topics
   - Translation/sphinx overview
   - Highlight community contribution(s)
   - How social media/twitter acct can be used for doc and contribution promotion

## Call to action

- Add page in /community with links to community content, repos, etc
- Improving i18n support
- Make more visible :
  - Requests for guides that someone wants but cant do themselves
  - Request for translation of a guide
- Prepare next meeting: February
